Adding Hashicorp Vault to the framework and created the first 2 tests for Topic Encryption (#920)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: DEV_GUIDE.md

> * minikube
> * User must have access to a container registry such as [quay.io](https://quay.io) or [docker.io](https://docker.io).
>      Create a public accessible repository within the registry named `kroxylicious`.
> * Helm package installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* minikube [install guide](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/)
* helm [install guide](https://helm.sh/docs/helm/helm_install/)
* User must have access to a container registry such as [quay.io](https://quay.io) or [docker.io](https://docker.io).
     Create a public accessible repository within the registry named `kroxylicious`.
```
